This entire commercial street is owned by Mr. Jiang
You say what's so great about him?
Why don't you quickly apologize to Mr. Jiang?
I'm sorry, Mr. Jiang
I have no eyes
I was wrong because of your mistake.
Your husband lost his job
How was it?
Come on, Mr. Jiang
Please give me another chance.
Keep your mouth shut.
Eyes do not know Taishan
Stop calling and go home
Thank you Mr. Jiang
Today is my daughter
Forgive you for another time.
I will never let you go
roll
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Jiang. Thank you, Mr. Jiang
I said you don't need to worry about my business
Since you married my mother
I should have stayed with my mom
I will marry your mother
Just to be with you?
Then when I asked you
Why don't you want to marry me?
I just didn't think it through.
Hey
Since you are married to my mother
Don't make her sad
You don't need to worry about my business in the future.